README.md, before:

# Learner Corner

Cozy corner for lifelong learner

Who knows where we'll end, but here we start...

### Novels/Books

|     When      |             Motto              | Tags                                  | Get It. Click Image                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:-------------:|:------------------------------:|---------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|   **Start**   |     _Build the dream-team_     | `team` `enjoy`                        | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/494f6a42-a177-41ca-b74a-f0a49adfb0cd" width="100" height="auto" alt="No Rules Rules: Netflix and the Culture of Reinvention">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0593152387)                                                                                                                        |
|   **Start**   |       _Establish trust_        | `team` `worldwide` `culture`          | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/25390438-7437-430a-9c0b-c9f635c92ba8" width="100" height="auto" alt="The Culture Map: Breaking Through the Invisible Boundaries of Global Business">](https://www.amazon.com/Culture-Map-Breaking-Invisible-Boundaries/dp/1610392507)                                                               |
|   **Start**   |      _Do only essential_       | `time management` `energy management` | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f9089da4-9b0c-47aa-bd68-e8b6c40cdcff" width="100" height="auto" alt="Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less">](https://www.amazon.com/Essentialism-Disciplined-Pursuit-Greg-McKeown/dp/0804137404)                                                                                           |
|   **Start**   |  _Create a change-ready team_  | `fast-flow` `team` `SAT`              | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/a82dcafb-c9c3-4306-bbf8-4d226dce961f" width="100" height="auto" alt="Team Topologies: Organizing Business and Technology Teams for Fast Flow">](https://www.amazon.com/Team-Topologies-Organizing-Business-Technology/dp/1942788819)                                                                |
|   **Start**   |     _Work smart, not hard      | `clean` `work` `enjoy`                | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/d678972d-e117-4532-8bd9-3e197bad809c" width="100" height="auto" alt="Clean Coder">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0137081073)                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Next step** |    _Maintainable solutions_    | `clean` `maintainability`             | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/08011caf-abf2-4dc3-8a63-1cf2e46f225a" width="100" height="auto" alt="Clean Architecture">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0134494164)                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Next step** |    _Future-proof solutions_    | `java` `hexagonal archiveture`        | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/e37cd949-cb6b-4e6d-82bd-f2c8e02e8c87" width="100" height="auto" alt="Get Your Hands Dirty on Clean Architecture">](https://www.amazon.com/Your-Hands-Dirty-Clean-Architecture/dp/180512837X)                                                                                                        |
| **Next step** |     _Make job delightful_      | `craftsmanship`                       | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/8351e647-f2fd-4ea7-b8c6-53a7004cab44" width="100" height="auto" alt="Clean Craftsmanship: Disciplines Standards and Ethics (Robert C. Martin Series)">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/013691571X)                                                                                               |
| **Next step** |   _Modern & hyped solutions_   | `java` `spring` `microservices`       | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f3445a09-3c45-4eec-8c67-9f1ac6fd7657" width="100" height="auto" alt="Microservices with Spring Boot 3 and Spring Cloud: Build resilient and scalable microservices using Spring Cloud, Istio, and Kubernetes">](https://www.amazon.com/Microservices-Spring-Boot-Cloud-microservices/dp/1805128698) |
| **Next step** |      _Keep magic to work_      | `production` `confidence`             | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f3baeef9-eb06-45fc-af04-1587276a505d" width="100" height="auto" alt="Operations Anti-Patterns DevOps Solutions">](https://www.amazon.com/Operations-Anti-Patterns-DevOps-Solutions-Jeffery/dp/1617296988)                                                                                           |
| **Next step** | _The different types of magic_ | `architecture` `tooling`              | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/8a65649e-bcbb-44f5-b1e8-6f723bc1bd76" width="100" height="auto" alt="Fundamentals of Software Architecture: An Engineering Approach">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1492043451)                                                                                                                |
| **Advanced**  |    _Where to go. Side view_    | `career` `self-development`           | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f0437f1b-047c-4759-873b-e962ac0e1ca9" width="100" height="auto" alt="The Staff Engineer's Path: A Guide for Individual Contributors Navigating Growth and Change">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1098118731)                                                                                   |
|  **Expert**   |    _The world beyond CRUD_     | `domain` `crud`                       | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/2048a4c6-7f07-4d36-aec9-536da992685a" width="100" height="auto" alt="Learning Domain-Driven Design: Aligning Software Architecture and Business Strategy">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1098100131)                                                                                           |      

### Articles

|     When      |           Motto           | Tags                                      | Link                                                                                                                              |
|:-------------:|:-------------------------:|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|   **Start**   |  _Work smart, not hard_   | `soft skill` `pleasure`                   | [Non-Technical Skills That Help Developers](https://betterprogramming.pub/non-technical-skills-that-help-developers-1d56e10c27db) |
| **Next step** | _Forewarned is forearmed_ | `microservices` `architecture` `pitfalls` | [Fallacies of Distributed Systems](https://architecturenotes.co/fallacies-of-distributed-systems)                                 |

Commit message:

Making code more human-friendly

README.md, after:

# Learner Corner

Cozy corner for lifelong learner

Who knows where we'll end, but here we start...

### Novels/Books

|     When      |             Motto              | Tags                                  | Get It. Click Image                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:-------------:|:------------------------------:|---------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|   **Start**   |     _Build the dream-team_     | `team` `enjoy`                        | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/494f6a42-a177-41ca-b74a-f0a49adfb0cd" width="100" height="auto" alt="No Rules Rules: Netflix and the Culture of Reinvention">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0593152387)                                                                                                                        |
|   **Start**   |       _Establish trust_        | `team` `worldwide` `culture`          | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/25390438-7437-430a-9c0b-c9f635c92ba8" width="100" height="auto" alt="The Culture Map: Breaking Through the Invisible Boundaries of Global Business">](https://www.amazon.com/Culture-Map-Breaking-Invisible-Boundaries/dp/1610392507)                                                               |
|   **Start**   |      _Do only essential_       | `time management` `energy management` | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f9089da4-9b0c-47aa-bd68-e8b6c40cdcff" width="100" height="auto" alt="Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less">](https://www.amazon.com/Essentialism-Disciplined-Pursuit-Greg-McKeown/dp/0804137404)                                                                                           |
|   **Start**   |  _Create a change-ready team_  | `fast-flow` `team` `SAT`              | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/a82dcafb-c9c3-4306-bbf8-4d226dce961f" width="100" height="auto" alt="Team Topologies: Organizing Business and Technology Teams for Fast Flow">](https://www.amazon.com/Team-Topologies-Organizing-Business-Technology/dp/1942788819)                                                                |
|   **Start**   |     _Work smart, not hard      | `clean` `work` `enjoy`                | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/d678972d-e117-4532-8bd9-3e197bad809c" width="100" height="auto" alt="Clean Coder">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0137081073)                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Next step** |    _Maintainable solutions_    | `clean` `maintainability`             | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/08011caf-abf2-4dc3-8a63-1cf2e46f225a" width="100" height="auto" alt="Clean Architecture">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0134494164)                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Next step** |    _Future-proof solutions_    | `java` `hexagonal archiveture`        | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/e37cd949-cb6b-4e6d-82bd-f2c8e02e8c87" width="100" height="auto" alt="Get Your Hands Dirty on Clean Architecture">](https://www.amazon.com/Your-Hands-Dirty-Clean-Architecture/dp/180512837X)                                                                                                        |
| **Next step** |     _Make job delightful_      | `craftsmanship`                       | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/8351e647-f2fd-4ea7-b8c6-53a7004cab44" width="100" height="auto" alt="Clean Craftsmanship: Disciplines Standards and Ethics (Robert C. Martin Series)">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/013691571X)                                                                                               |
| **Next step** |   _Modern & hyped solutions_   | `java` `spring` `microservices`       | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f3445a09-3c45-4eec-8c67-9f1ac6fd7657" width="100" height="auto" alt="Microservices with Spring Boot 3 and Spring Cloud: Build resilient and scalable microservices using Spring Cloud, Istio, and Kubernetes">](https://www.amazon.com/Microservices-Spring-Boot-Cloud-microservices/dp/1805128698) |
| **Next step** |      _Keep magic to work_      | `production` `confidence`             | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f3baeef9-eb06-45fc-af04-1587276a505d" width="100" height="auto" alt="Operations Anti-Patterns DevOps Solutions">](https://www.amazon.com/Operations-Anti-Patterns-DevOps-Solutions-Jeffery/dp/1617296988)                                                                                           |
| **Next step** | _The different types of magic_ | `architecture` `tooling`              | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/8a65649e-bcbb-44f5-b1e8-6f723bc1bd76" width="100" height="auto" alt="Fundamentals of Software Architecture: An Engineering Approach">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1492043451)                                                                                                                |
| **Advanced**  |    _Where to go. Side view_    | `career` `self-development`           | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/f0437f1b-047c-4759-873b-e962ac0e1ca9" width="100" height="auto" alt="The Staff Engineer's Path: A Guide for Individual Contributors Navigating Growth and Change">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1098118731)                                                                                   |
|  **Expert**   |    _The world beyond CRUD_     | `domain` `crud`                       | [<img src="https://github.com/brahinets/learner-corner/assets/4119411/2048a4c6-7f07-4d36-aec9-536da992685a" width="100" height="auto" alt="Learning Domain-Driven Design: Aligning Software Architecture and Business Strategy">](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1098100131)                                                                                           |      

### Articles

|     When      |            Motto            | Tags                                      | Link                                                                                                                              |
|:-------------:|:---------------------------:|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|   **Start**   |   _Work smart, not hard_    | `soft skill` `pleasure`                   | [Non-Technical Skills That Help Developers](https://betterprogramming.pub/non-technical-skills-that-help-developers-1d56e10c27db) |
|   **Start**   | _Code for humans by humans_ | `code quality` `smart` `clean code`       | [10 principles for good code](https://www.dein.fr/posts/2015-10-01-10-principles-for-good-code)                                   |
| **Next step** |  _Forewarned is forearmed_  | `microservices` `architecture` `pitfalls` | [Fallacies of Distributed Systems](https://architecturenotes.co/fallacies-of-distributed-systems)                                 |
